---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---


What did you do this past week:

Between a couple long group meetings and finishing up a compilers project things were pretty busy. The group project has been a little hard to work on, since each person's work depends on each others'. Last meeting I didn't have much to do, but it was good to be there just in case. I've also been having to do some calculus review for my probability, since I haven't had a real math course in a few years. We're expected to know a few methods of integration that I'm rusty with/forgot about. But it wasn't the worst week ever.


What's in your way:

The group project as always, and my eternal quest for an internship. It's probably getting pretty late to be looking for one, but I don't want to give up just yet. I keep ending up busier that I expect so I think I just need to put my foot down and work on it. This delayed approach to things has always plagued me but I guess it has to come to an end sometime.


What will you do next week:

This week we will be aiming to tie up IDB2 by Tuesday. I feel like we won't quite make that goal, but that's the point of setting it early. Things are going pretty well though, the unexpected hiccups from last time have been handled pretty well and we're gaining a much better understanding of how to use the tools we need to use. Other than that I have a test on thursday and should probably get a head start on my next compilers project if I can help it.


Tip of the week:

Confidence really is key in coding. Some things will simply seem impossible until they finally work, but the more I just keep trying the less discouraged I am in the end in general.
