---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---


What did you do this past week:

Coordinate to complete the group project. As the leader I felt pressure to ensure things moved along smoothly, and at times it proved a bit challenging. I think my biggest mistake was scheduling our final coding session on the due date. Had I thought of scheduling that day sooner, it would've been much safer with respect to the deadline. In the end we finished on time and only had to deal with a small hiccup with Carina, but we cut it quite close.


What's in your way:

The eternal struggle for internship acquisition. I've been trying to get myself to visit the career center now that my initial attempt flopped (the company liked me, but they said there were a lot of really good applicants this year), but I haven't quite found time between the group project and other activities. I started hearing some good tips from friends though, and I'm sure the career center will be able to assist me in a lot of general ways.


What will you do next week:

This coming week we will get started on assigning responsibilities for the next part of the project and such. I felt my contribution last time was a tad weaker than it could've been, although it's pretty hard to distribute the work load perfectly in a big project like this, especially when we are fairly novice in the area of project management.


Tip of the week:

For a big group project like this, sometimes treating it a little bit like a job where there are regular times for everyone to show up and work near each other can be very helpful. I held a fairly decentralized management position for this project, where people simply had their tasks, partners, and were left to do a lot of things on their own, but that was probably a poor choice for the first phase of the project. People would've known how things are going better and would've been able to answer each other's questions more easily had we worked all together in person more often.
