---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---


What did you do this past week:

Took things a little easier than in past weeks, with a lull in my assignments. I've gotten in touch with career services and they are working with me to get some more internship applications lined up. I've also completely nailed down my sleep/wake schedule for possibly the first time ever, which is pretty amazing. For fun I started experimenting with the language D; it's pretty interesting as a competitor to other C-like languages. It's claims are very promising but it seems like some of them may be a little to generous. It has a garbage collector, and people claim its use is fairly optional, however it keeps looking more and more like it's an essential part of the language. That's not a huge problem for me, but it does kind of go against what seems to be said.


What's in your way:

Not much, just winding down the semester. There will certainly be a few hurdles to jump, and I assume the compilers projects will only get nastier, but I don't feel quite as stressed as in the weeks leading up to now. My roommate has a real penchant for staying up late and sometimes that's bothersome but it seems I'm able to put up with it.


What will you do next week:

FINISH THE PROJECT. Write an essay and another compilers project. Talk to career services again and hopefully put out some meaningful applications. I hope the rain isn't too nasty. I'll be busy the first couple days so I hope my group doesn't really need me for something, but I think it'll be alright.


Tip of the week:

When a repo you want to use has outdated code, try to fork it and update it! Even if you don't get it working you'll probably learn something, and if you do happen to fix something the repo owner will probably appreciate it.
