---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Second full week, mostly just plugging along.


What did you do this past week:

The Collatz project seems to have gone without a hitch, and I dragged myself to the job fair on Tuesday. It actually kind of snuck up on me, so perhaps I could've been a little more prepared. In any case I got in touch with several companies and am hopeful about finding a summer internship. After all that, I got started on my first compilers project. After being spoiled by using C++ in OOP, it's a bit of a drag to have to work in regular C, but if it wasn't a challenge I guess I wouldn't really be learning anything. This first project doesn't seem so bad, but I think I'll have to get started earlier on the future ones.


What's in your way:

I need to get to the gym more often. I got lazy about it all week and I'm already feeling significantly less lively. But less directly than that, I feel like I need to broaden my coding skillsets. A lot of companies are very interested in web or mobile development, neither of which have been significantly covered in any of my classes. Luckily I have some friends already employed who are pointing me in the right directions as far as where to start learning such things.

What will you do next week:

Homework. And go to class. It takes me a good bit of effort to stay on top of things, even though my schedule isn't exactly stuffed, but compared to how I was a couple years ago I'm practically flying.

Tip of the week:

Make liberal use of #define macros when using arbitrary numbers that can be easily represented by words across multiple files (so long as the includes spread the macros where they need to go).