---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


What did you do this past week:

Cleaned up the project. Cleaned up a test. It was a lot of hard work, but it was actually extra fun doing the group work. As the first deadline approached we were crowded around a computer, all contributing to fixing some obscure javascript issues. We almost had it done on time, but then the extension came and we started taking our time. Honestly we would've had some small issues still to fix had the deadline held up, but we were really close.


What's in your way:

At this point, not a lot. The last part of the project will certainly require a little work, but it doesn't seem nearly as bad as the last two parts, especially now that everyone knows the project fairly well. The end of the semester is approaching very fast, but things are just under control enough for me to feel a little relaxed.


What will you do next week:

Lay the groundwork for the last part of the project and take care of little things for other classes. I don't have any tests or projects due this week so I can take a little bit of a breather. I've spontaneously decided to fix my sleep schedule to a regular 11-7 time period so that I can fit some exercise in in the morning, so I'll be jet lagged for a few days but it should pay off pretty quickly in terms of mood and general energy.


Tip of the week:

Even if it's a pain, just get the correct environment set up to test the code you're writing on your own machine if it's inconvenient to borrow someone else's. Which is usually the case.
