---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

What did you do this past week:

Worked quite a bit on the Netflix project. Met 3 nights in a row so far. My partner is pretty bright and knowledgable, so things are about as good as I could hope for. I feel a little inadequate, but I've been able to keep up and I've done my best to contribute so I think it's ok. We never manage to make enormous breakthroughs, but each day we improve our rmse record by about .01, which is pretty solid. Other students have shown their appreciation for the caches that we've created, so that's pretty nice. My other classes are a little busy, but I did my next compilers project a week ahead of time so it's not so bad.


What's in your way:

I really do need to make time to get help from the career services. It's quite good that I'm keeping up with my classes, but the fact is that just that won't cut it. Also I need to do this history essay that's been hanging over my head, but it's only 500 words so it shouldn't be a big deal. Hell, I'm already writing 300+ just for this blog entry and it's not that difficult.

What will you do next week:

Other than finishing all the aforementioned work, I have a probability exam on Thursday. It shoudln't be too hard, but I will need to brush up on the subject a bit. Beyond that, I'll be heading home next weekend for my mother's and brother's birthdays (which are both on Sunday). It's pretty rare to see my brother around these parts, since he's a professor at Berkeley now, but my sister's already in the area for now so it's a good opportunity to have all 5 members of our family in one place.

Tip of the week:

Before embarking on a resource-intensive project (like this Netflix one), make sure to assess all computing resources at your disposal. Were we set up to run jobs with condor or on stampede, we would've most likely saved 3+ hours by now with all the data we've been processing locally on a cs machine. That or write your data processing in a more efficient language: the python dictionaries we've been building, while not huge in their own right, have been eating upwards of 20GB of RAM during runtime, which exceeds the machine's physical memory and leads to slowdowns.