---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Test feedback:

Personally I'm never a fan of vocabulary or phrase meaning questions, but these ones weren't all that bad. As for the more analytical questions, I thought they were pretty good. I completely misunderstood the digits question at first, but that's on me and I had time to notice my mistake and fix it. Overall it was a pretty good test.

What did you do this past week:

Lots of work. I could've started earlier on the project and studying I had to do, but in the end I had just about enough time to get through everything. Additionally, I heard back from the company I interviewed with and they want to talk to me on the phone again, so that's great. It's heartening to know that they are still interested in me, but honestly I still feel a bit shaky about the whole process. Other than that, I've started exercising more, which is helpful.


What's in your way:

Still my work ethic. I've been working hard enough to get by, but I'm almost slipping into the same situation as last week, where I have a test and a big assignment due Thursday and I'm delaying getting started on them. I'm sure I'll give myself more time this time around, but I feel like I should be giving myself even more. Somehow I just don't have very much energy to work with, hopefully this changes.


What will you do next week:

Aforementioned test and project. I'll also start thinking about what to do for this new software engineering project. I was originally getting ready to go home for Spring break, but I'll have to see how the project lines up and whether or not I should stick around Austin because of it. I've heard about other people having plans to go home for break, but maybe they'll change their minds too.


Tip of the week:

Before a technical interview, actually whiteboard some problems ahead of time. Also practice explaining yourself as you go, as interviewers like to know what's going on in your head (and sometimes this actually helps you grasp things anyway). I hadn't thought of verbally explaining myself unless asked in an interview before, but a friend mentioned it to me and it makes a lot of sense.
