---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

The first full week with various assignments well underway.

With the good news that Sphere was in fact behaving irregularly, I resolved to tie up most of the remainder of my project with the approaches I had left off on. Everything is in order and I just have a couple bookkeeping tasks to complete. I will, however, be interested in looking into the Sphere fix that was posted on Piazza. I wonder how that person figured out that Sphere generates unnecessary white space for the input? In any case, I've spent a little time learning how to contribute to open source repositories on a more private github account of mine. Like most things, it's not as hard as my imagination makes it out to be, and it's been pretty fun being able to see that I can work my way through other people's code projects and identify errors and their solutions. Because of these projects I've had to familiarize myself with new languages such as Action Script. I can't say I like working with it, since it's becoming less and less supported and I don't really like Flash anyway, but none of that really matters when I'm trying to challenge myself. Getting build environments set up and running properly has certainly been interesting. Beyond that, my other classes have been pretty tame so far, but things will likely get harrier as the deadline approaches for my first compilers project. I don't think it will be exceptionally difficult, but other things may come up and squeeze me for time so I have to be careful either way. And even if I end up squeezed a little, it's healthy to have a certain level of stress in life.

Tip of the week:

Contributing to open source repos really isn't that bad. Just pick something you like and jump in with an open mind.