---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

What did you do this past week:

This week was very busy for me. With and essay due at the start of the week and two projects and a test on Thursday, there was little time for much else. On the Netflix project, my partner and I probably put in a good bit more effort than we needed to, but throughout our efforts I learned a lot so the extra effort was in no way wasted. Further, I worked hard to get my other project done well ahead of time, so the week wasn't as difficult as it might have been otherwise.


What's in your way:

Time budgeting! Unfortunately, I do very poorly when I have less than 7-8 hours of sleep a night, so unlike many people I know I have to keep a fairly stringent schedule for my sleep in order to function. I suppose it's healthier in the long run, but I really wish I could get away with less sleep the way other people do. In any case, I have less time to work with than them and therefor must be moer careful about how I use it.

What will you do next week:

Monday afternoon I will have a phone interview with SnapStream. I feel a bit unprepared, but I'll definitely cram for it as much as I can and go in with a calm, open mind. Other than that it will be a fairly light week in the immediate sense; no projects or essays are due. It'll be mostly down to homework and attendance.

Tip of the week:

Research the company before interviewing. I've learned a lot already and, looking back, probably would've been very ill prepared otherwise.